All right I have launched my PI share my the one thing to know before we get into our development is
to check out if we have our Python interpreter available to our PI charme ID to check that out.
Let's go down below and go to preferences from the Preferences under your project interpreter if you
don't see anything just don't freak out.
Just don't worry about it.
To fix that.
If you don't see anything here you can simply click on shole And then if you again don't have anything
in this list as a result you can just simply click the plus button right there and you can select the
environment that you want to have with your ID.
In our case it is just more than enough to have the use the system interpreter forwarding system interpreter
in Mac OS.
Python 2 does Semon is by default.
And then you can have Python 3.
And in our case as we install Python 3.6 we're going to use that and again you can use the specific
version of Python as you like but in our lectures and tutorials we're going to be using Python.
3.6.
So after you select the Python version you can simply click OK and then you can hit OK again because
that selection is going to be appearing right here.
And then you can just have the dependencies and libraries that installed with Pipp is going to be shown
here.
So that's all we need to do before we get into our development and when we are ready we can just launch
our project.
So to start our project I'm going to hit create new project and from there I'm going to launch a pure
Python project.
All right for the environment of my project I'm going to definitely use the existing interpreter and
I'm not going to be using a new virtual environment so to speak about virtual environments.
I'm not going to dig deep into that.
We don't have to use a virtual environment.
Virtual environments are the ways of isolating resources for your applications or projects and Python.
But in our case we're not going to need that.
We just have to use a python interpreter and then we can just run our code and lawnchair AWOS resources
using Python and both all three.
So I'm going to use the existing interpreter and then I'm going to hit create.
Here we go.
And let's just make this fullscreen and the indexing as begin with the Poche on ID So our project is
named as untidily.
But you can just give it any name you want and we can definitely change the name of our project to fix
that.
I can just go to files section and then I can hit rename project and from there I'm going to name our
project both of 3 AWOS and I'll hit.
OK here we go.
Our project is now both three AWOS And let's just create a package directory for Python.
So I'm going to hit new and then I'm going to say Python package for the Python package using the regular
conversion.
I'm going to say for the source package.
All right and with the default with Python to mark the directory as a Python package are in it.
Py file is already there.
Now what are we going to do is we're going to write a simple class to locate our resources with ease
with the hiding of using the both of 3 region both of three client.
Again and again to avoid that distraction we're going to write a simple library simple class actually
to locate our easy to use the PCs and all those resources on a US.
So let's just start developing our client locator applications so we can easily implement our AWOS code.
So to do that I'm going to create a new python file and I'm going to name the python file as client
locator.
All right within our client locator PI file the first thing I'm going to do is to import both or three.
So let's do that and import both three and after that I'm going to start declaring my class.
So my class is going to be named as client locator and of course I'm going to have an initialiser method.
So let's define our initialiser method.
And the important part of this initialiser method we're going to pass in the client that we want to
use.
Let's say we P C E C 2 or any other thing and this client locator class is going to get me declined
for that class for like easy to use.
Yes.
Anything else that I want to use this is going to be a little mice utility class that you can use anywhere
in any other project that you're going to build the Gants AWOS using Python and both of three.
So I'm going to pass in a client variable.
All right.
Klein parameter and after that what I'm going to do is I'm going to have a local client definition for
my client.
And with that parameter I'm going to set my Both client as the client that I passed in and of course
I'm going to pass in a region for my both so many patients on AWOS.
So about the region.
The best thing to do is to pick the closest region to your location.
So in my case since I'm in Istanbul and I'm like the closest to the Frankfurt region are you a central
one.
I'm going to pick that region and I'm going to pass into botto client definition so I'll say Region
name and then I'm going to say you central one.
Here we go.
And after that to get declined from the both are definitions that the with the method that I just typed
in here I'm going to write a simple Guiton method and then I'm going to say get client and then this
method is going to simply return the client that is set with the initialiser method.
So I'll say self and client just like that.
All right so for getting the client I'm going to write another class to get the easy to client for that
I can use with my AWOS manipulations.
So I'll just go down below and I'm going to define another class and that class is going to be named
as easy to client and that client class is going to get a client or cator parameter the class that I'd
define right here and of course this class is going to initialize itself with the both of three Colline
parameter.
Just like I can do here so to do dat.
I'm going to call the super method so I can get the client locator both of three implementation and
then I'm going to initialize that with the client that I want to use.
So as you can see Python is automatically understood what I'm going to do actually was Piko MIT.
But the point is I'm passing in the client locator the client did not want to use.
So in this case it is easy to.
So let's just pass an easy to just like that.
So are easy to class is ready to be implemented on Python.
So let's just fix those lines.
So our ID is not going to warn us.
And here we are ready with our client locator class.
After that we can just simply start implementing our two methods and the modifications that we're going
to do on a W-S.